modernized out of date FAQs (#2668)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/faq.mdx

We have thousands of users including very large enterprises.

> We have a handful of [case studies](/customers) available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [case studies](/customers) available and [dozens of testimonials](/handbook/growth/marketing/testimonials).
```

> There are three options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options:
```

1. [PostHog Cloud](https://app.posthog.com/signup)

> 2. [Self deployment](/docs/deployment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Self hosted](/docs/deployment)
```

> 3. [Managed deployment](https://share.hsforms.com/1-IVCY9gNRvaZBajMt_UPIg4559u)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
